speaking at acousmatic what school was
good back up in the building she boy DJ
delz back with a brand new episode here
at the sneaker addict show of have so
many people to keep requesting for an
episode on these kds which are pretty
basic pretty plain I was not planning on
shooting them because they are what they
are they're a black suede KD with a gum
bottom basically what you see in photos
is exactly what you're gonna see in
person the suede is kind of wrapped on
the upper kind of like how the
foamposite black suede was let's get her
clothes I'll show you it as you can see
how it looks it's definitely gonna get
dusty real quick I will tell you that
you got your leather strap and you get
your phone piles in the back you got
your gum bottom nice gun bottom your
unit in the back as you can see right
there and there you go with a quick
quick look at the shoe to me I just have
too many black sneakers so I'm not super
excited about this shoe but if you're
looking for a pair of black kicks this
may be a pair that you may want to cop
because the quality is nice and it's a
little different being that it has the
leather strap on it if you're looking
for it go to the blog the sneaker audit
calm i'll have more information there or
you can also just hit me up on my
Twitter the sneak addict over at
twitter.com and i'll try to help you out
let me know what you think of these hot
or not as far as the fit also to the KD
7 i recommend going true to size catch
up and all the reviews everyone be great
out there thanks for all the positive
messages i've been getting and all your
prayers I've been going through some
tough times and it's been really helping
me out by the way I'm reading all the
comments and I really thank you all
right everyone be great out there and we
out so I know on the show I waste a lot
of going out and cigars and champagne no
livin that good
so we got here a pair of cigar inspired
shoes for Michael Jordan celebrated his
first championship and then we have
right here some champagne inspired shoes
both really really rare that shot my
God look at that nowadays